README.md, before:

GOV 1005
================

<style type = "text/css">
img {
max-width: 600px;
}
p.caption {
display: none;
}
</style>

## Personal faves ❤️

### [reprex](https://reprex.tidyverse.org/)

![reprex](https://i.imgur.com/kqhw14i.gif)

### [skimr](https://github.com/ropensci/skimr)

A reprex with skimr\!  
![reprex with skimr](https://i.imgur.com/eoxxnE3.gif)

### [distill](https://github.com/rstudio/distill)

A [distill
page](https://inspiring-babbage-762512.netlify.com/storytelling) with a
bunch of gt tables (and other ggplot2 extension faves). ![distill gt
hrbrthemes](https://i.imgur.com/ST3kg8e.png)

### [gt](https://github.com/rstudio/gt)

![gt of NBA top offensive box
plus-minus](https://i.imgur.com/2VkYy8v.png)

## Shiny resources ❇️

  - [**Shiny contest
    submissions**](https://community.rstudio.com/tags/shiny-contest)  
  - [**Winners of the first shiny
    contest**](https://blog.rstudio.com/2019/04/05/first-shiny-contest-winners/)  
  - [**awesome-rshiny**](https://github.com/grabear/awesome-rshiny)  
  - [**awesome-shiny-extensions**](https://github.com/nanxstats/awesome-shiny-extensions)  
  - [**rintrojs**](https://carlganz.github.io/rintrojs/)

## ggplot2 and beyond… 📉

  - [**hrbrthemes**](https://github.com/hrbrmstr/hrbrthemes)  
  - [**gganimate**](https://gganimate.com/)  
  - [**learngganimate**](https://github.com/ropenscilabs/learngganimate)  
  - [**gghighlight**](https://github.com/yutannihilation/gghighlight)  
  - [**ggrepel**](https://github.com/slowkow/ggrepel)  
  - [**ggforce**](https://github.com/thomasp85/ggforce)  
  - [**ggthemes**](https://yutannihilation.github.io/allYourFigureAreBelongToUs/ggthemes/)
  - [**highcharter**](https://github.com/jbkunst/highcharter)

## Add-ins 🐭

### [gglabeller](https://github.com/AliciaSchep/gglabeller)

![gglabeller](https://i.imgur.com/UNlD4Gh.gif)

### [esquisse](https://github.com/dreamRs/esquisse)

![esquisse](https://i.imgur.com/67ltRlm.gif)

### [regexplain](https://github.com/gadenbuie/regexplain)

![regexplain](https://i.imgur.com/IUQq3XA.gif)

### [datapasta](https://github.com/MilesMcBain/datapasta)

![datapasta](https://i.imgur.com/0IWYtqT.gif)

## Slide-related 📽

### [xaringnan](https://github.com/yihui/xaringan) (with [infinite moon reader](https://yihui.name/en/2019/02/ultimate-inf-mr/))

![xaringan with inifinite moon reader](https://i.imgur.com/7XXnzd4.gif)

### [xaringanthemer](https://www.garrickadenbuie.com/project/xaringanthemer/)

![xaringanthemer](https://i.imgur.com/XGnUkB7.gif)

### [xaringan ninja-theme](https://github.com/emitanaka/ninja-theme)

![xaringan ninja theme](https://i.imgur.com/N0qto2D.gif)

### [reprex venue RTF](https://reprex.tidyverse.org/articles/articles/rtf.html)

![reprex venue RTF](https://i.imgur.com/jXZJHUP.gif)

## Tada 🎉

There’s lots more cool stuff, so feel free to hit me up on twitter
([`@dataandme`](https://twitter.com/dataandme)), or swing by
[community.rstudio.com](https://community.rstudio.com/) with any
questions you might have.

Commit message:

Link to connect page in README 🔗

README.md, after:

GOV 1005
================

<style type = "text/css">
img {
max-width: 600px;
}
p.caption {
display: none;
}
</style>

## ⚠️

Much prettier version of this page
[here](https://connect.rstudioservices.com/content/282/gov1005.html).

## Personal faves ❤️

### [reprex](https://reprex.tidyverse.org/)

![reprex](https://i.imgur.com/kqhw14i.gif)

### [skimr](https://github.com/ropensci/skimr)

A reprex with skimr\!  
![reprex with skimr](https://i.imgur.com/eoxxnE3.gif)

### [distill](https://github.com/rstudio/distill)

A [distill
page](https://inspiring-babbage-762512.netlify.com/storytelling) with a
bunch of gt tables (and other ggplot2 extension faves). ![distill gt
hrbrthemes](https://i.imgur.com/ST3kg8e.png)

### [gt](https://github.com/rstudio/gt)

![gt of NBA top offensive box
plus-minus](https://i.imgur.com/2VkYy8v.png)

## Shiny resources ❇️

  - [**Shiny contest
    submissions**](https://community.rstudio.com/tags/shiny-contest)  
  - [**Winners of the first shiny
    contest**](https://blog.rstudio.com/2019/04/05/first-shiny-contest-winners/)  
  - [**awesome-rshiny**](https://github.com/grabear/awesome-rshiny)  
  - [**awesome-shiny-extensions**](https://github.com/nanxstats/awesome-shiny-extensions)  
  - [**rintrojs**](https://carlganz.github.io/rintrojs/)

## ggplot2 and beyond… 📈

  - [**hrbrthemes**](https://github.com/hrbrmstr/hrbrthemes)  
  - [**gganimate**](https://gganimate.com/)  
  - [**learngganimate**](https://github.com/ropenscilabs/learngganimate)  
  - [**gghighlight**](https://github.com/yutannihilation/gghighlight)  
  - [**ggrepel**](https://github.com/slowkow/ggrepel)  
  - [**ggforce**](https://github.com/thomasp85/ggforce)  
  - [**ggthemes**](https://yutannihilation.github.io/allYourFigureAreBelongToUs/ggthemes/)
  - [**highcharter**](https://github.com/jbkunst/highcharter)

## Add-ins 🐭

### [gglabeller](https://github.com/AliciaSchep/gglabeller)

![gglabeller](https://i.imgur.com/UNlD4Gh.gif)

### [esquisse](https://github.com/dreamRs/esquisse)

![esquisse](https://i.imgur.com/67ltRlm.gif)

### [regexplain](https://github.com/gadenbuie/regexplain)

![regexplain](https://i.imgur.com/IUQq3XA.gif)

### [datapasta](https://github.com/MilesMcBain/datapasta)

![datapasta](https://i.imgur.com/0IWYtqT.gif)

## Slide-related 📽

### [xaringnan](https://github.com/yihui/xaringan) (with [infinite moon reader](https://yihui.name/en/2019/02/ultimate-inf-mr/))

![xaringan with inifinite moon reader](https://i.imgur.com/7XXnzd4.gif)

### [xaringanthemer](https://www.garrickadenbuie.com/project/xaringanthemer/)

![xaringanthemer](https://i.imgur.com/XGnUkB7.gif)

### [xaringan ninja-theme](https://github.com/emitanaka/ninja-theme)

![xaringan ninja theme](https://i.imgur.com/N0qto2D.gif)

### [reprex venue RTF](https://reprex.tidyverse.org/articles/articles/rtf.html)

![reprex venue RTF](https://i.imgur.com/jXZJHUP.gif)

## Tada 🎉

There’s lots more cool stuff, so feel free to hit me up on twitter
([`@dataandme`](https://twitter.com/dataandme)), or swing by
[community.rstudio.com](https://community.rstudio.com/) with any
questions you might have.
